azurerm_kubernetes_cluster: Cycle node-pool if node_pool has node level relevant changes (#21719)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

-> **Note:** If you're using AutoScaling, you may wish to use [Terraform's `ignore_changes` functionality](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle.html#ignore_changes) to ignore changes to the `node_count` field.

> * `enable_host_encryption` - (Optional) Should the nodes in the Default Node Pool have host encryption enabled?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enable_host_encryption` - (Optional) Should the nodes in the Default Node Pool have host encryption enabled? `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this property.
```

-> **Note:** This requires that the Preview Feature `Microsoft.ContainerService/EnableEncryptionAtHostPreview` is enabled and the Resource Provider is re-registered.

> * `enable_node_public_ip` - (Optional) Should nodes in this Node Pool have a Public IP Address? 
> 
> -> **Note:** Changing the `enable_host_encryption` or `enable_node_public_ip` Virtual Machine is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.

Reviewer: Since we're supporting rotation for many `default_node_pool` properties and the docs for this resource are already quite bloated as they are - I would consolidate this into one note at the top of the `default_node_pool` block and add this info to the property description.

```suggestion
* `enable_node_public_ip` - (Optional) Should nodes in this Node Pool have a Public IP Address? `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this property.

```

The note at the top of the `default_node_pool` block should read as
```
-> **Note:** Changing certain properties of the `default_node_pool` is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing any of the following properties: `enable_host_encryption`, `enable_node_public_ip`, `kubelet_config`, `linux_os_config`, `max_pods`, `node_taints`, `only_critical_addons_enabled`, `os_disk_size_gb`, `os_disk_type`, `os_sku`, `pod_subnet_id`, `ultra_ssd_enabled`, `vnet_subnet_id`, `vm_size`, `zones`.
```

* `host_group_id` - (Optional) Specifies the ID of the Host Group within which this AKS Cluster should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `kubelet_config` - (Optional) A `kubelet_config` block as defined below.
> 
> * `linux_os_config` - (Optional) A `linux_os_config` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kubelet_config` - (Optional) A `kubelet_config` block as defined below. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this block.

* `linux_os_config` - (Optional) A `linux_os_config` block as defined below. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this block.
```

> -> **Note:** Changing the `kubelet_config` or `linux_os_config` Virtual Machine is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* `fips_enabled` - (Optional) Should the nodes in this Node Pool have Federal Information Processing Standard enabled? Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `kubelet_disk_type` - (Optional) The type of disk used by kubelet. Possible values are `OS` and `Temporary`.

> * `max_pods` - (Optional) The maximum number of pods that can run on each agent. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```
* `max_pods` - (Optional) The maximum number of pods that can run on each agent. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
->
```
* `max_pods` - (Optional) The maximum number of pods that can run on each agent. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this property.
```

> -> **Note:** Changing the `max_pods` Virtual Machine is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* `node_labels` - (Optional) A map of Kubernetes labels which should be applied to nodes in the Default Node Pool.

> * `node_taints` - (Optional) A list of the taints added to new nodes during node pool create and scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_taints` - (Optional) A list of the taints added to new nodes during node pool create and scale. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this property.
```

> * `only_critical_addons_enabled` - (Optional) Enabling this option will taint default node pool with `CriticalAddonsOnly=true:NoSchedule` taint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `only_critical_addons_enabled` - (Optional) Enabling this option will taint default node pool with `CriticalAddonsOnly=true:NoSchedule` taint. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this property.
```

> -> **Note:** Changing `node_taints` or `only_critical_addons_enabled` of the `default_node_pool` is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-> **Note:** This version must be supported by the Kubernetes Cluster - as such the version of Kubernetes used on the Cluster/Control Plane may need to be upgraded first.

* `os_disk_size_gb` - (Optional) The size of the OS Disk which should be used for each agent in the Node Pool. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a change.

* `os_disk_type` - (Optional) The type of disk which should be used for the Operating System. Possible values are `Ephemeral` and `Managed`. Defaults to `Managed`.  `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a change.

* `os_sku` - (Optional) Specifies the OS SKU used by the agent pool. Possible values include: `Ubuntu`, `CBLMariner`, `Mariner`, `Windows2019`, `Windows2022`. If not specified, the default is `Ubuntu` if OSType=Linux or `Windows2019` if OSType=Windows. And the default Windows OSSKU will be changed to `Windows2022` after Windows2019 is deprecated. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a change.

> -> **Note:** Changing `os_sku`, `os_disk_type` or `os_disk_size_gb` of the `default_node_pool` is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-> **Note:** This version must be supported by the Kubernetes Cluster - as such the version of Kubernetes used on the Cluster/Control Plane may need to be upgraded first.

* `os_disk_size_gb` - (Optional) The size of the OS Disk which should be used for each agent in the Node Pool. 

> -> **Note:** Resizing the `default_node_pool` Virtual Machine is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.
> 
> * `os_disk_type` - (Optional) The type of disk which should be used for the Operating System. Possible values are `Ephemeral` and `Managed`. Defaults to `Managed`. 
> 
> -> **Note:** Changing the `default_node_pool` Virtual Machine disk type is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `os_disk_type` - (Optional) The type of disk which should be used for the Operating System. Possible values are `Ephemeral` and `Managed`. Defaults to `Managed`. 

```

* `os_sku` - (Optional) Specifies the OS SKU used by the agent pool. Possible values include: `Ubuntu`, `CBLMariner`, `Mariner`, `Windows2019`, `Windows2022`. If not specified, the default is `Ubuntu` if OSType=Linux or `Windows2019` if OSType=Windows. And the default Windows OSSKU will be changed to `Windows2022` after Windows2019 is deprecated.

> -> **Note:** Changing the `default_node_pool` Virtual Machine disk type is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.

Reviewer: It bloats the page quite a bit to have the same Note copied under each of the properties - since they're group alphabetically and are listed consecutively can we either consolidate their Note into one i.e.

```suggestion
-> **Note:** Changing `os_sku`, `os_disk_type` or `os_disk_size_gb` of the `default_node_pool` is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.
```

*Alternatively* add the following line behind the description of each property: 
```
`temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this.
```

There's validation in the code to throw an error if `temporary_name_for_rotation` hasn't been supplied when changing the `vm_size`, we should also extend it to check that it's been set if one of these properties has been changed.

Author: I added both, because I like the one not box, but I also know that people my not mention a box which is not directly below.

~> **Note:** Pod Sandboxing / KataVM Isolation node pools are in Public Preview - more information and details on how to opt into the preview can be found in [this article](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-pod-sandboxing)

> * `zones` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Availability Zones in which this Kubernetes Cluster should be located.
> 
> -> **Note:** Changing the `zones` Virtual Machine is done by cycling the system node pool of the cluster. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when attempting a resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zones` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Availability Zones in which this Kubernetes Cluster should be located. `temporary_name_for_rotation` must be specified when changing this property.

```
